[Music]
so get this an extra hole at the upper
part of the sink
has multiple hidden functions first in
case someone forgets to close the tap
the water won't overflow and the
bathroom won't get flooded
second thanks to that hole the water
drains faster as it gives an escape for
the air helping the water flow down
those two holes on the side of any
converse shoe are not there
only to let the stinky air out sure
breathability is important for any
athlete
but the second reason is that athletes
lace through those holes to get a better
grip
donuts have a hole in the middle and it
doesn't stand for oh and donut
it's not designed for an easier grip
either although it can be quite
convenient
it's actually made this way for mass
baking so that they cook
all the way through evenly most metallic
zippers have a hidden lock inside them
to save you from awkward situations such
as an undone fly
oh boy don't leave the zipper handle in
an upward position
when you pull it downwards it
automatically locks it's all thanks to
those
tiny grooves hidden underneath the
handle
almost any public toilet has a large gap
between the floor and the door
the reason for such a zero privacy thing
is to actually
minimize the level of privacy and
comfort so that people
wouldn't stay there long and there'd be
no lines
is also easier to clean and safer if
some emergency occurs
spoiled milk emits gases like most foods
when they go bad
a classic plastic milk jug has a concave
shape on one side
so when the gases expand inside the jug
it
expands too and the concave shape curves
out
also if you want to save some milk for
later and freeze it
the jug will expand when the milk gets
solid as well
occupying more space in a jug
headrests in a car are about comfort and
detachable headrests are about safety
if you pull the headrest out of the seat
you'll see two bars which are quite
sturdy
if you ever get locked or trapped in a
car you can get out of there
smashing the window with one of these
bars
bath foam isn't only for fun or a nice
smell
it also helps regulate the temperature
the bubbles keep the water hot
so you can enjoy a bath a bit longer
anyway
it works for acrylic bathtubs only those
made of metal
lose heat really fast either way
many cups and mugs have little grooves
on the bottom on purpose
they're designed for dishwashing
machines
the grooves let the water flow and not
spill over your feet when you take the
cup out
also those grooves let the air flow so
the cup doesn't crack
even if the tee is scalding almost all
measuring tapes have a metal tip with a
small
slot on the end you can use this slot to
hang the tape on a nail or screw
and make measurements without anyone's
help
sometimes this tip has a row of sharp
points along the edge on one side
that comes in handy when you want to
leave a mark without using a pencil
doorknobs are usually made of brass
bronze and some other copper alloys for
a reason
they have an anti-bacterial effect so
they stop microbes from spreading
they get rid of a range of harmful germs
pretty fast within a couple of hours
but don't forget to wash your hands
anyway
grocery carts have loops for a reason
you don't want to put your jacket in a
cart next to potatoes and onions
hang it on a loop this little hook like
thing is here to help you better
organize the space in your cart
the carts also have a super handy grid
whenever the cart's full
you just need to lift the grid and
attach the shopping basket for extra
purchases
placing it in between the horizontal bar
above the wheels
and the hook the grid has a point on an
ointment cap is there for a reason too
most tubes are usually sealed with foil
and it's better to avoid opening it with
fingers
unless you're ready to say goodbye to
your nails a point
easily opens even the most safely sealed
tube
a pack of cotton pads has those strings
on it so that we could hang it on some
hook or holder
and no there's no need to untighten and
tighten the pack again
look at the bottom of the pack it has a
perforated line
tear along it and now you're good to
pull out a cotton pad
if you've ever tried a nintendo
cartridge to taste
you'll confirm that they taste revolting
leaving a sour bitterish aftertaste in
your mouth
they're covered with denatonium benzoate
one of the most
disgusting flavors ever known actually
this taste is kind of a hidden function
it prevents people from swallowing those
cartridges
silica gel can often be found in
different things you buy
like bags shoes and many others don't
throw it away
it's meant to absorb excess moisture so
anytime your shoes are a bit wet
just throw in a packet with silica gel
escalator brushes aren't for keeping
your shoes clean or polished
it's for our safety brushes won't let
you come close
to the edge so a long coat or boot cut
jeans
won't end up between the steps rough
edges on the dimes aren't just about
design
the coins used to be made of precious
metals to show their real value
people would shave off the edges
spending the shaving coins with the same
value
and melt the edges into new coins to
avoid it
mentors added that pattern so people
could tell if someone cut that coin
before
ever notice a tiny hole on the bottom of
a padlock
its hidden purpose is to drain water to
help avoid corrosion
it's always the most convenient place to
lubricate a padlock
a drop of oil in there will make it open
and close easier bottles have long
necks for a reason hold the neck not the
bottle if you want to enjoy a cold drink
same goes for fancy glasses their stem
saves any drink from overheating
so hold it right notebook margins are
not some extra space for note-taking
in fact people invented them to protect
their notes
people used to co-live with rats and
these guys like
gnawing on everything they see on their
way including paper
still rats weren't able to chew more
than the space
left on the margins that black grate on
a microwave isn't just some fancy
decoration
it's called a faraday shield and it
prevents the rays from
escaping the microwave it also speeds up
the heating
so you can enjoy yesterday's leftovers
faster
it may also block phone signals so if
you're tired of numerous calls
just put the phone into a microwave but
don't turn it on
all tic tac containers are designed to
dispense one tic tac
every time you open it the lid has the
same shape as the candy
turn the container upside down gently
shake it and slowly open it
you'll notice only one candy stuck
between those lid grooves
so if you just open the container and
shake it until five or more candies fall
into your mouth
that means you've been eating tic tac
wrong all this time
those little holes in the airplane
windows are designed to control the
cabin pressure
they also protect the windows from
fogging up as the temperatures drop and
rise
by the way the airplane window is round
for a reason
this way pressure is evenly distributed
so it doesn't get deformed
blue bristles on a toothbrush are
actually an indicator that it's just
about time to change the brush
as the bristles get in contact with
water the blue or
whatever other pigment fades away so the
more you use it
the duller the color becomes a triple
handle on a jerry can
is there to make it easier for two
people to carry it and distribute the
fuel
evenly gas cans often have a second hole
that actually needs to be uncapped too
before you pour the gas the air passage
will prevent it from pouring out
so no more fuel waste
[Music]
the tab on the rear view mirror does
have a function
it holds your air freshener a pair of
foam dies your graduation tassel
and some other useful stuff but in fact
it works as a tumbler between day and
night mode it helps hold the glare from
the car behind you
those car lights can blind you